# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the **VoiceCloud** app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices. This service is provided as Open Source software and is intended for use "AS IS".

## Information Collection and Use

The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include:

- Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address)
- The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages
- The time spent on the Application
- The operating system you use on your mobile device

The Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.

## Third Party Access

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid in improving the Application and service.

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data:

- [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
- [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)
- [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

## Opt-Out Rights

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

## Data Retention Policy

User Provided data is retained for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter.

## Children

The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.

## Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information and provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.

## Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-04-15

## Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, please open an issue on the project's GitHub repository.

---

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
